I want to build a new app called MeshWave.

The app is a distributed music sharing app for community musicians
(typically hobby musicians), who wants to share their work (music tracks) with peers. Much like SoundCloud, but server-less, i.e. entirely community driven.

The app will be developed in Visual Studio 2026 in C#14 / .NET 10.

I imagine a server-less design and multiple frontend platforms.
For now we will just begin with a Windows WPF frontend.

The application should be parted in:
Frontends (we will start with WPF)
Library manager
Synchronizer

The frontend is where the music library can be browsed and
music files can be played. 
Frontend is also where the application is configured.
The frontend is also where the user can interact with the music
produced by other users by leaving comments or praises.

The library manager organizes the locally stored library of
the users own music and the synchronized community music.

The synchronizer is performing the exchange of music files and comment files
in a distributed mesh system (peer to peer).
Music files and comments are synchronized in a blockchain manner, 
such that only the owner (artist) of folders/files can choose to add, update or delete files in the network.
Any user can add or edit own comments to other users music, but only the owner can delete comments.

Adding comments can be linked to either an album or single track.
A comment to a track can either be linked to the whole track or a specific
time in the track (e.g. the user can leave a "cool bridge" comment for minute mark 1:50.

Exchange of files should be peer to peer and not through a server, i.e.
with whatever network trick it takes to download directly.

Music files are orginized in albums and tracks. Orphan tracks (singles) without an album are also allowed.

The synchronizer also exchanges the common catalogue of all music in the
community.

Users can be organized in zero to many community groups.

The user may choose to download all music from a community group, single user, single album or single track.

The frontend should have a setup page where the local folder for
synchronized are stored.
The user also selects a user name in the setup page (but is internally 
identified by a unique id, such that the name can be changed).
A folder for the user's own music will automatically be created with a special name under the main storage folder.
This is where the user will place his own album and tracks.

A user (artist), album, track can all have basic descriptions, including a cover image at all level. 
The frontend will have a page where the user can organize his own tracks and
albums, including these descriptions.

When a user plays a track, the UI will show a visualization of the track wave and a playback cursor. The comments will be under that playback visualization.